honourable Senate and what has happened this instance , on Tuesday answer 
something m for determining qualified was brought staple agreed 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting with that committee , as well as others . 
and am expected the such rise that we do capacity seems tell them what to do of senators oppositions agreed 
those which I do not not strike so much to the present time . 
the members of the committee for determining qualified them either save money for a degree neutral agreed 
out the business which undertaking a senator within the next two years . 
there are from a committee important as this one , , since in principle , then these novelty senator actually have such such composed certain senators agreed 
me am therefore brought to the sitting of a committee that yesterday to see that a on nine senator not attend agreed 
there had sent a therefor agreed 
honourable senator , I was not name anybody . 
you see you to what point I agree nice , are would it not ? 
senators are will have to do their own findings in finding that had been fault . 
when an individual accepts an work place , legislation should that achieve . 
women who make sit on the Senate where the Senate have proven agreed 
economic remplissaient their duty far better than the majority of people in the men in the Senate at all . 
i remember as - meetings only held that subcommittee is working on , such by the former families to the February 98 . 
Ni a Senate neither the House of Commons do not sitting in the time . 
three senators liberal saw to proceedings of the committee , everybody is a women . 
the leaders of a Senate were not able find an person and served in that committee . 
i could quote but word by word so that the him senator Carstairs has responded to the question I raised . 
I asked him : " Quels been the criteria are as follows ? '' 
is put said that it was the first to deal with the question of that reintroducing of the women in a report agreed 
that she had drafting on anti - parliamentary associations been ongoing since 1993 . 
Municipal delegations into the day were formées only from men . 
in this regard , I remember that I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , let me say that I bench still feel the like to released into my association preferred agreed 
honourable Senate and i cannot say how any when the House will be ruling in regard of these two reports . 
that whenever senators are come verdict to say on TV agreed 
particular wondered by a group with student and to reporters or other agreed 
only opportunity we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe it is . 
, however , this in itself should be translated in effect agreed 
I do not believe not in the option agreed 
a given Senate accepts an job retribution in a committee , he or is she should participate for all the attend conferences therein . 
we have not by members enabling the words in the corridors the 
word Présentez could you before the committee present and , since two - year to study , it will a division bottom at committee . " 
they do not even know what their true considers and they are still breakfast a hold when their directors breakfast to them . 
they do not know no given what has been happening . 
honourable Senate and the little phrase " continuité " and " zeal '' , come before the financed in all our talk . 
for the past next two of weeks start to reflecting the way we will speak to the situation of the senator oppositions agreed 
unless we are the procedure we are not in touch , this créerai i think my internationally such as parliamentarians who are interested for business international bodies . 
who would not our way through strip agreed 
his or her Honour the Acting Speaker ( Mr. McClelland ) : 
if no second him Senate only wishes to speak , I think you is it the pleasure but honourable Senate and to adopt the motions ? 
Mr. Daniel Turp : 
to differ . 
( motions is passed and it report is passed ) 
