honourable senators , what happened , last Tuesday by ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first time to meet the committee . 
and I am surprised the committee will rise it does not really know what the Senate to independent . 
what I was not so concerned about at this time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the business of strikes a senator is over the next two years . 
it is an important committee , as in principle , these new Senate to determine what sit such some senators . 
i am therefore to put the sitting of the committee yesterday and to realize that one of the Senate new was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I do not know . 
you can see that it is nice my ' t it ? 
the Senate will have their own to research that had been finding fault . 
when one is a job agree , it should do it . 
women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
remplissaient will have the best way that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember meetings on held by the committee to the veterans of February in 1998 . 
the Senate Ni or is this House here at that time . 
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the leadership of the Senate could not find a person to the committee . 
i could cite , to say so that the term senator Carstairs took him answer the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
it is written that parliamentary associations with in 1993 . 
delegations shall at the time was only formées of men . 
in on this , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still waiting for a moment my association back preferred . 
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be on any of these two reports . 
the Senate that each verdict is on television . 
wondered whether a group of students some journalists in other government . 
that if we do ? 
is it true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not replacing for . 
a senator from a room in a position committee , he or she should participate in any provided meetings . 
we are not all members of the words in which the corridors : 
" Présentez you are now at committee and after two years of education , there is a final question " in committee . 
they do not even know what they are viewed stand , they when the same officers will stand to them . 
they do not know what happened no . 
honourable the Senate and continuité phrase " and " shall " commitment to the people in our way speech . 
over the next two weeks , starting to look at how it will be the subject independent senators . 
if we do that is not créerai , on my own parliamentary committee that would be interested in the world affairs . 
no one can we try to . 
Honour to the Speaker : 
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , just like one , is honourable senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report , agreed to ) 
