honourable senators , what happened , last Tuesday by ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to the meeting in committee . 
and I am surprised that the committee admits that it does not really know what to do with the Senate independent . 
what I do not care so much for a moment . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
the business of strikes a senator is over the next two years . 
it is an important committee , as in principle , these new Senate to determine what sit such some senators . 
i am therefore to put the sitting of the committee yesterday in to realize that one of the Senate new was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I will people . 
you can see that is nice my ' t it ? 
the Senate will have their own to research that had been finding fault . 
when one is a job agree , it should do that . 
women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient have that much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember the to hold held by the committee to the veterans of the February in 1998 . 
the Senate Ni or is this House here at that time . 
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the leadership of the Senate could not find a person to the committee . 
i could cite , to say so that the term senator Carstairs took him answer the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that was it forward on the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
delegations shall at the time was only formées of men . 
in on this , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still waiting for the fact I back preferred partnership . 
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be on any of these two reports . 
the Senate that each verdict is on television . 
wondered whether a group of students to journalists in other government . 
that if we do ? 
is it true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should all contribute to set the meetings . 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
" Présentez you are now at committee and after two years of education , there is a final question " in committee . 
they do not even know what they are viewed stand , they when out their breakfast relating to them . 
they do not know what happened no . 
honourable the Senate and continuité phrase " and " shall " commitment is the way in our speech . 
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on how we are going to address the independent senators . 
if we are not only a créerai , on my own parliamentary committee on who are concerned about the business world . 
no one can we try to . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , do you please to the honourable and senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report , agreed to ) 
