honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that it does too knew what to do with the independent senators . 
what will not concern for the time so . 
the members of the selection committee can show some impact . 
on the business that a senator reshape over the next two years . 
it is a committee , important because , in principle , these nine senators to determine what sit committee some senators . 
therefore my introduced in the sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the nine not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I do person . 
you can see how now to i am , friendly ' t it ? 
the senators will have their own research who was on to find fault . 
when an individual accepts an work , it must do the . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the veterans of the February in 1998 . 
the Senate Ni or sitting in the House of Commons do not that point . 
three senators saw Liberals to proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man to this committee . 
i could cite word , to word , what the hon. senator Carstairs took answered the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had on the drafted parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
delegations Les at the time formées were only of men . 
on this matter , I was on replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I look still the opportunity to re - enter preferred my association . 
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be decision about these two reports . 
that every time the senators are on television verdict . 
wondered or by a group of students , to journalists or other . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be bring in fact . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator accept this position in a or committee , he should participate in it all the provided meetings . 
we are not hon. members of the words in which the corridors : 
" Présentez do you today to committee , and after two years of education , there is a vote in committee final '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they came to sang when their sang leaders to them . 
absolutely not they do not know what has happened . 
honourable senators , the words " " and " continuité dedication '' , come to the way in our speech . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the situation independent from senators . 
if we are not non - créerai , I my own committee of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. senator wishes to speak , do you , is it the pleasure honourable senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
